Update de.flapdoodle.embed.mongo to 4.13.0 in main (#297)
input-output-hk/atala-prism-mediator: Mediator-Error_Handling.md

# Error Handling

When processing any step of any protocol, if something is wrong, the mediator tries to:
- Update the record to a documented error state
- Log the error in the service logs
- Send the problem report message when appropriate

https://identity.foundation/didcomm-messaging/spec/#problem-reports

## Custom behavior table

> This table defines the expected behavior of the mediator in different scenarios not covered by the specifications.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This table defines the expected behavior of the mediator in different scenarios that the specification does not cover:
```

  - G4
  - M2A - ignore (no effect/output)
  - M2B - Send a problem report "e.p.me.res.storage" (maybe mention the try again later)

- **M3** - Business logic in BD is failing (got some error from the query).
  - G4
  - M3A - ignore (no effect/output)
  - M3B - Send a problem report "e.p.me.res.storage"

- **M4** - Get a Forward message to a DID that is not enrolled.
  - M4A - ignore (no effect/output)
  - M4B - Send a problem report "e.p.req.not_enroll" (the `next` DID is not enrolled)

- **M5** - LiveModeChange https://didcomm.org/messagepickup/3.0/live-delivery-change
  - Follow the protocol -> Upon receiving the `live_delivery_change` message with `live_delivery` set to `true``:
    - M5A - If the connection supports live delivery respond with a [`status`](https://didcomm.org/messagepickup/3.0/status) message.
    - M5B - If the connection is incapable of live delivery send a problem report `e.m.live-mode-not-supported`

### Considerations

In the Identus Mediator, when an issue arises, we undertake the following steps:
* Log the error.
* Dispatch a problem report as outlined in the table above.
* Record the problem report and error information in the database.

> Every one of these steps should be traceable back to the initial call via an `XRequestID`, and by the MsgID (the SHA-251 hash of the encrypted message).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These steps should be traceable back to the initial call via an `XRequestID`, and by the MsgID (the SHA-251 hash of the encrypted message).
```
